Welcome back to the Storyline of Maxx channel.
Chanel who recaps the storyline of a movie for
all of you. Thank you for those of you who
have subscribed, who have not subscribed,
please subscribe because this
channel will upload videos every day.
Without further ado, let's just jump
right into the story. Enjoy watching!.
This movie begins with being shown a beautiful
woman named Needy. Needy is being held in a mental
hospital. Because he has mental problems and also
quick to anger. While in the mental hospital,
Needy often injured the nurses and the guards
there. She was also often put in isolation. Before
getting sick and being put in a mental hospital,
Needy is a very smart nerdy woman. Although smart,
Needy is also often considered a strange woman
by her friends at school. Needy lives in a small
town called Devil's Kettle, she has a boyfriend
named Chip, and also a best friend named Jennifer.
Jennifer is a beautiful and sexy woman. Jennifer
and Needy have been friends since they were little
until now. They are like siblings, so their school
friends think that they are a lesbian couple.
One day, Jennifer takes Needy to a bar, which is
called Melody Lane. Where, Jennifer's favorite
band will perform. that night they both finally
arrived at the Bar. they both chatted with
the band's vocalist. As Jennifer goes to get a
drink, Needy overhears a conversation from the
band members saying that Jennifer is no longer
a virgin. An annoyed Needy then approached the
band members, and said that, Jennifer is still a
virgin. after Jennifer arrives, Needy then tells
her that the band members are bad people.
when the event took place, everything went
normally as usual. Here, Jennifer looks very
happy, because she saw the band she likes in
person. Suddenly, Needy saw a fire appearing
on the stage. Needy and Jennifer immediately
ran out of the bar. Arriving outside, the two
of them were approached by the band's vocalist.
She's Jennifer to get in her car. Needy tried to
stop her best friend from leaving, but Jennifer
insisted to go, and asked Needy to be quiet and
not to interfere with her business. Needy was
also worried about Jennifer, because she felt
the members of this band was not a good person.
Then Arriving home, Needy called her boyfriend
named Chip, and told about the fire incident at
the bar earlier. and she also shared that Jennifer
had left with the band's vocalist, making him very
angry and worried. suddenly, a voice came to
Needy's house. Then Needy checked who had come,
it turned out that the one who had come to his
house was Jennifer. Here, Needy feels strange
with his best friend. Because, Jennifer's body
was covered in blood and her face looked pale.
While in the house, Jennifer eats
raw meat from Needy's refrigerator.
After eating, Jennifer threw up a lot of black
liquid like oil. Needy who saw that was very
surprised. after that, Jennifer immediately left
Needy without speaking a word. on the next day,
it looks like all the students feel very sad
about the fire that broke out in the bar,
which killed many people. On the other hand,
it looks like Needy is still thinking about his
best friend Jennifer last night. not long after
that, came Jennifer who approached Needy fine.
Needy, who was still confused, asked her friend
about what happened last night, when she came
to her house in a strange state. Jennifer then
said to Needy, maybe it was just a hallucination.
After school, Needy told Chip everything, If last
night Jennifer came to her house, like someone
possessed by an evil spirit. hearing the story,
Chip thought his girlfriend was making it up.
in a different place, showing Jennifer who is
heading to Jonas who is still sad, because her
best friend died in a fire last night. With her
beauty and sexiness, Jennifer seduces Jonas,
and invites Jonas to go to the forest. Jonas
who was already aroused agreed to Jennifer's
request. and they both went to the middle of the
forest. Arriving in the middle of the forest,
Jonas who was already aroused thought that the
two of them would do a cultural performance or
do having sex. However, here Jennifer turns into
a scary figure who then bites and eats Jonas.
a teacher who heard Jonas scream then thought,
that Jonas might be venting his sadness.
The teacher immediately rushed to
meet him. Arriving in the forest,
the teacher was even surprised by the condition
of Jonas who had died in a very pathetic
condition. Jonas's body was seen to be torn
apart and the contents of his stomach came out.
On the other hand, after killing Jonas,
Jennifer's face looks more beautiful and sexy.
The scene also moves to Chip, who is calling
Needy, to meet and talk about Jonas's death which
was very gruesome. Needy was shocked, and said
that the bad things that happened in this city,
are not coincidences. a month after the
fire incident, and also the death of Jonas,
Jennifer's body is seen increasingly disfigured,
her hair is falling out, and her face is very
pale. On the way home from school, Needy's friend,
Colind, tries to get Jennifer to go out with him.
At first, Jennifer refused. however, after Needy
told Jennifer that Colind was quite handsome.
then Jennifer wants a date with Colind.
That night, Colin was seen heading to Jennifer's
house to date her, strangely the place he
visited looked like an empty house that was
uninhabited. Colind arrived at Jennifer's.
Inside her house, Jennifer teases Colin
for a treat. Then, while having sex,
it turned out that Jennifer used the
opportunity to eat Colind and tore him to death.
Elsewhere, Needy is also seen who
is having sex with her boyfriend.
Then Needy felt that something bad
was going on, and made her unfocused.
Needy then rushed home. and, on the way home Needy
saw Jennifer in the middle of the road covered in
blood. when she got home, Needy then locked the
door of her house and immediately entered the
house, and she thought about Jennifer's condition
that looks strange lately. Then, Needy rushed
to his room. suddenly, Needy was surprised by
Jennifer who was in her room in good condition.
Meanwhile, on the way, Needy saw Jennifer who was
related by blood. Later, Jennifer told Needy about
her current state. It started when Jennifer was
asked to go out with band members a few years ago.
At first, Jennifer thought that she was invited
to having sex. In fact, the members of the band
invited him to go to the middle of the forest
to perform a devil worship near a waterfall.
the band members are satanists. The purpose of the
band members coming to Jennifer's city is to find
the body of a virgin girl, to be sacrificed
to the devil so that their band will be more
famous. at first it went well, and the band grew
in popularity. However, when Jennifer becomes the
victim, the ritual goes awry. And apparently,
Jennifer has not been a virgin since she was
in middle school. Jennifer did not die and
instead the demon resided in Jennifer's body.
Here, Jennifer is actually dead. But because,
already possessed by a demon
that made her rise from the dead.
Because Jennifer is dead, Jennifer must eat
a human body, so that she can be beautiful
again. and she also told Needy that the night she
came to her house, was just to scare her. After
hearing Jennifer's story, Needy felt sad, because
she could not save Jennifer. Jennifer then tells
Needy that she will hurt Needy, who is her best
friend. and she also added, that when she was
full, she would return to her original form to be
beautiful and stronger than before. here, Jennifer
shows Needy when her hand is injured, her hand
will soon heal without the slightest scar. Needy
then asked Jennifer to go home.
The next day, while at school, Needy goes to the
library to find out what happened to Jennifer.
Here, Needy knows that Jennifer has become a
succubus. This Succubus, Requires human flesh
to become stronger. and the way to kill these
succubus, is to stab their heart when they are
weak. after knowing this, Needy then met her
boyfriend and told him about it. Needy also
asks Chip not to come to the dance party. because
there, Jennifer will find prey for her to eat.
After listening to Needy's story, Chip still
couldn't believe it. and assumed Needy was making
up a story. Chip left Needy, disappointed in him.
In story short, the dance party arrived.
Needy set out alone to keep an eye on Jennifer.
After arriving, Needy did not find Jennifer in
that place. elsewhere, in Show Chip going to
the dance alone. Chip walks alone to school.
Suddenly, Chip is blocked by Jennifer.
She told Chip that Needy had cheated on
Colind without his knowledge. Hearing this,
Chip felt very sad and disappointed in Needy.
Then Jennifer took Chip to a quiet place. When
he got there, Jennifer threw him into the pond
for him to eat. Needy, who is at the dance,
feels her lover is in danger. Later, Needy
rushes to Chip's house. However, Chip's
mother said that Chip had gone to the dance.
Hearing this, Needy then ran to find out where
Chip was. Not long after, Needy managed to find
Jennifer who was eating Chip's body. Needy,
who saw this, immediately tried to save him.
Soon after that, Jennifer was caught off
guard, then was stabbed by Chip which made
Jennifer hurt and ran away from them. Chip
who lost a lot of blood was finally died.
Needy is also sad to get ready to find Jennifer
and take revenge for her boyfriend's death.
After Needy found Jennifer, a fight
broke out between these two friends.
Then, Needy stabbed her best
friend in the heart, killing her.
Instantly, Jennifer's mother who heard the
noise in Jennifer's room came to her room.
Jennifer's mother looks shocked to see
Jennifer died at the hands of Needy.
Then, Needy was taken to a mental hospital. in
the end, we are shown that Needy can fly. Because,
Needy got a bite wound from Jennifer
which made Needy have some demonic powers.
Needy uses her powers to get out of the mental
hospital. Then, Needy rushes to find the band
members at the beginning of the movie, and
kills all the members. And the movie ends.
Thank you to all of you who have listened to
this storyline to the end. Don't forget to like,
subscribe and press the bell button,
because maxx will upload videos
every day.
long